Are you all good?
Stiff and stoic like a piece of wood
Yeah, the sun shines bright in the hood, ayy
Are you all gravy?
You've been acting kinda different lately
I've been batting for the other team lately
You've been practicing a smoke screen, baby

Is that how it is?
Can't get down with how you handle your biz
You're just frowns and mirrors and mist
I'm too proud, kill her after the tryst
Is that how it's gonna be?
Could you pass me the skin color crayon please?
Burning wax, I press a stack into your cheek
Red and black just like Rose and Jack
Just focus that, hold my hand into next week

Ah, the ink on your skin
A piece of art, girl, you is like a painting
Those thorns in your nose
I pour over you like I'm studying prose
My words your sketches
Check the charts, the stars say that we're next in
I hurl while you're bitching

Take bad, let's make it positive now
Take it back to the abstract
Fascinate ya the way I summarize clap back
My aesthetic is hazmat
I'm brave to your locomotion like Amtrak
Immature just like a choo choo train
Lobotomizing, I'm infecting your brain

Skullduggery
Insecure behavior and fuckery
Turn a cheek or you reap what you sow
Port side, starboard, the stern and the bow
Trip up so dramatically
A ripple is not so little aquatically
Into this you could say so fanatically
What will be is divinely it had to be

Alabaster grains of caster
Demerara spectre nectar
Speckled freckle, dash of pebble
Blacker berry, sweet like cherry
Dark skin girl with the blue eyes that's Retti
Beauty raining down like confetti
Cute and holy, she's the Black Madonna
Femme fatale, she's the top of the topper

Obsidian lapis the body a palace
Speak with your chest, no, don't be embarrassed
They all want it, but girl, you have it
What about sky?
You ain't really seen her if one of you ain't high
With glitter on her eyes
She cried in a mind's eye for her pride
And so did I 'til the tears done dried

There was plenty now it's empty
See the bottle it done tempt me
Full throttle in the whip one-twenty
Shit toppled sinking the ship
God sent me

Are you all good?
Stiff and stoic like a piece of wood
Are you all, are you all?

We've been over this, yes, I'll roll up the spliff
Just hold my hand when we drive off a cliff
Bold to seek justice, it's just a myth
Ruling the waves on the brink of a Brit

Tire tracks in the dirt is a legacy
Smacked on the butt since birth
And during the pregnancy
Dark depths of the sea they seem like a friend to me
Getting wet on a Drexciya flex, lie to rest, I'm blessing you next

Are you all good?
Stiff and stoic like a piece of wood
Are you all good, are you all good?
Are you all good, are you all good?
Are you all good, are you all good?
Are you all good, are you all good?
Stiff and stoic like a piece of wood

Are you all good?
Stiff and stoic like a piece of wood
Are you all good?
Stiff and stoic like a piece of wood
Are you all good, are you all good?
Are you all good, good?
Good, good, good, good, good